come to the final tonight whether we
work we actually find out the singers
will be the winner the final of X panel
represents tractor that was the
preference for it unfortunately still
down so but that was really bit to get
your attention when the tool is
explained the wrong person for this may
be my last night that I've said that we
can have fired simply find us out here
and those two three the Middle East
retweet it will go through to the final
unfortunately bread the Football Club
Troon while Chapman gave the wrong
instructions through and filled it
should be the other way around anyway we
understand the reason for that last
because people would effectively and go
for it people intelligently the
fragrance will bring you a riot to set
the rules and that's where we go forward
so when we took an results and I'll be
asked my assistant giving results in a
while nobody knows it will be those
three least tweeted it over the right of
the five semi-finalists come back out
against an orange juice asked Andre to
come up
the assumption to sit down finish on
your chair and Marcus I get off my shift
and blu-ray page you had the unloaded
results
okay before we go any further that we
did say the first thing tonight as well
Kevin three toilets they need a singer
groups on hopefully they'll be
rehearsing do today there could be any
three of you fine ok and after that is
what a second individual song from a
film what a three thought we know ok
none the doggy once
right we have resulted in no particular
order Moses at 45 Andre had not yet
Bridget mass x 59 Oh Marcus had 108 so
the obvious reasons
Andre
now ladies and gentle boy together in y2
again what they're going to do is you
they gonna sing a grip song and then we
just about that's been effective charge
dead warmer and then again I mature and
have a choice of the three they need to
sing a song from a film and then I'm
going to get your reaction tonight I
want your reaction after that just
through your applause but it alone as
always the night that character tomorrow
then we got excitement they're not on
probably on well the next time we have
dinner in the evening dinner ask for a
night then we'll be announcing the
winner okay so what do you only serving
okay right the floor so much bitter
floor
we belong together and I know the tragic
why do you play my heart why do you play
my mind so won't you belong forever
never dies leave me and never say
goodbye and I can't sleep it might be
that hole in each side goodish to try
not just break down and cry my head spin
you